hello friends with you you are 921 and
Today in the second video series we are waiting
change I want to talk about
balancer well and probably matchmaker
as it is called by the developers it is such
thing that collects from the queue
players who have already pressed a button in pain
teams 15-15 and sends them into battle
that is, this is the thing that most often
We have already causing wild discontent
no matter how important someone's gold is there
punches not punches the bushes shoot and
shoot tanks on the horizon move
teleports or not this all hasn't
much value how much pain
which now delivers balancer I
I mean for example if you were on
Mouse or robins but if Prokhorivka
steppes is pain pain if you find yourself
on Karelia in the assault
on t95 it is pain of course pain for the whole
teams will not only want for you and
will give again almost everywhere pain and stuff
situations when you find yourself on a tank
not at all in the place where you should be
You know it reminds me of such
the thing in the current matchmaker when you have
there is a valid floor cars formula 1
minicar to him and bogey
big foot bike some jeep
SUV and output are all different
diverse times and they throw you
unknown and unknown
asks about turned formula-1 trail
and you are such a bike there is not very
and vice versa
show yourself some sort of rally
off-road track on the formula 1
there is this now
balancer awkwardly he performs
their work is excellent such work
quickly without delay send players
fight but how does he do it of course
almost always now
not always acceptable
bend but in most cases right
sometimes you want to howl from where they grow
the legs of this video where did the topic come from
the fact is that once upon a time Michael
shared a chip like that
wargaming
try to develop role
the balancer that is not the one that
just by the levels of the tanks collects them and
not besides what principle often happens
what is there a team of one supplier
vs no good for example this is a team
where support all cost do it
the last are waiting for you and the other is afraid of them
leave that is it as if with one
the parties are funny diverse but sometimes
when your goal there famously shoot at
all these guns to leave in the first not
I want so the battle turns 15
Minute stood you and then in another
found in the game there are very different tanks
which for example mx 40
well what kind of light tank is that obvious
COG same fcm 50t some cord is
medium tank yes like a cardboard game
fast hard fast and 7 is remembered
take the example of a super Pershing well what it is
the middle tank is definitely heavy
in its own gameplay and that's not all
in our game never even counted
i'm in this video just let's say without
long thinking over just like that
let's say to fan on the ball how many
the taiga and we ourselves will evaluate the topic or not
for heavy ones from typical typical
heavy tanks i came up with two roles pear
and die-hard pear is a tank that
must absorb damage of type
Mouse, that is, he is shooting at him
at this time others do not get out
teams from die-hard one that also
at the same time, an example of 7 can go forward
breakthrough tank
a typical type fri-shka is like
I think you are tips with a tiny
alpha and go british worthless
which they are definitely not too
the most that hoods called for
yourself oglobla example t30 leaves and
right along the spade ridge or there su-100
at its level so on among the typical
from points you can distinguish two types
it twisted type fast dynamic
st-shka type there Soviet all or kris
which as for prices for example all the same
but the herring is somehow considered
or mx sidisi
but similar second-line tanks there 3 4
red lines all in a row well and light
tanks
two types of one legs that are fast
dynamically come down other eyes which
ride ca n't can only stand in
bushes
that is, among this type every tank
possible in one degree or another I do not speak
that all tanks are needed purely one by one
class to paint no 50 percent of that
50 percent of another class for example or
thirty-three percent each or
for example 60 percent of one of the 40
other
in such proportions how to say
balancer to tanks and knew that is
get it right pear can be and
super pershing is not necessarily a mouse further
take all the cards in our game also
rank by role type
which should yell and play like that
most remove the opportunity on bicycles
ride on a race track next to
offline you 1 for example utyazhki of or
not just of tanks with type
pear they have nothing to do on the card which
open and spacious prokhorovka
robins all written these steppes
sandy river and so forth outflow every
Enske Himmelsdorf and so on play
on a pear
you are always useful you always get high
because they just need you in a bucket with
bolts that packed three thousand
playing for example, there is no damage to your cheek
sense to get him on the city maps
what kind of ensk this British
a cannon
alpha test poke better anki someday
tanks where on the cards where there is space and
where can I drive off
implement dpm from cable distance to
time shafts on the contrary throw in
city ​​maps where the advantage went
betrayed drove off twisted send then
on cards where there is room for maneuver and
city ​​maps by the way, too, will go for
twisted but for Chris for them the opposite
the more room is the same as in
you tips well and become. I, too, to
banal everything is simple and clear
in the same way to approach the schedule
in all sorts of different other modes
head-on assault for other cards then
is there a plus we get in the end
friends you never get into a situation
when you chose a tank but you would tell
you this 15-minute slaughter for you
you've been to the sandy river on the mouse
wait around the corner for 15 minutes while you are at
late anyone not you will finish
always feel needed and
useful and all the variability of gameplay
will be provided only by yours
crooked or straight arms
your crooked or straight arms
allies or opponents ie everything
same as usual in the same randomness
the most pain but which depends only on
you and your team in this joke with
the other side I'm not quite sure
that this idea is absolutely cloudless
there will be no pitfalls
some minor technical problems
related to thinking them all over
Topics
then they can have some kind of balancers
problems with delays when
the player will not enter 5 there 10 seconds
the battle may be longer maybe seconds
30 and while every cricket will pick him up
hearth can really pass
great time and maybe it will be
adversely affect the reverse game
that is, some kind of stone there
Evening for beer and I want to press
into battle get into battle win back the pain forget
and all but someone like the opposite I
wait a minute just to give me
perfect card here for all pitching
tune out but anyway what am i
I think about this topic if something like that
think through and implement and quite
likely that this patch can be called
than 10 when there will be no such tanks
bad or good it is known that in our
the game let's say no bad or good
tanks by and large there are tanks not
suitable to the place
If you take these worthless British
which are terrible thanks to their
tiny alpha
and if you missed the cards where
space and surface where you can shoot at
the distance it is possible it would be easier for them if
mouse stop throwing on cards where from
he needs sniper shooting
lower it to city conditions then
it will be interesting at all I do not know what with
how it all will follow
some bad consequences of this
balance is equal to me brief idea is just
awesome what do you think leave
your ideas or comments on this topic we
I read everything today
thank you for watching subscribe to
my channel to new meetings all good luck in
battles
bye bye